=head1 NAME

SerialPort version 0.3.0

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Perl wrapper for the C<libserialport> C library.

All essential functions of the entire library API are wrapped by using C<XS>.
In addition, a higher-level OOP interface is also provided by using C<Moose>.

The library could build only on Windows and should work on Windows and
Unix-based systems. If it does not, please submit a Issue.

=head1 WARNING

This stuff is still fairly new and there is still a need for adjustment.
While I'm working on it, backward compatibility can break with a given commit.

=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

  perl Makefile.PL
  make
  make test
  make install

=head1 DEPENDENCIES

This module requires these modules or libraries and some other modules:

=over

=item *

Moose

=item *

MooseX::Params::Validate

=item *

libserialport

=back

The C<examples/> directory contains simple serial programs by using the
C<Sigrok::SerialPort> I<backend> module.

=head1 SEE ALSO

=over

=item *

L<https://sigrok.org/wiki/Libserialport>

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

=over

=item *

2019, 2020 J. Schneider E<lt>L<http://github.com/brickpool>E<gt>

=back

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENCE

libserialport is an open source project released under the LGPL3+ license.

=over

=item *

Copyright (C) 2013, 2015 Martin Ling E<lt>martin-libserialport@earth.liE<gt>

=item *

Copyright (C) 2014 Uwe Hermann E<lt>uwe@hermann-uwe.deE<gt>

=item *

Copyright (C) 2014 Aurelien Jacobs E<lt>aurel@gnuage.orgE<gt>

=back

This Module is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it under
the same terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by
libserialport.

Please refer to the Sigrok homepage for a lot more information.

=cut
